Desiree Suarez 

One Monday night, I was clearing the table full of my things as I was getting ready to leave school. It is already 8pm and I need to go home already because I am the only student left here in school. As the SSG President, I needed to create and make new projects for our school, that's why I stayed here at this hour. I was with my secretary earlier but she needed to go home early. I don't know the reason, yet she just stated that there's an emergency at their house. I rushed as I went downstairs because our classroom is located on the 3rd floor of this building. This building is the oldest building in this school which means that it witnessed every story that this school had. I was running towards the gate because it is very rare to find a jeepney here at this hour. I was about to reach the gate when I saw someone. Shock was evident on my face because I thought I was the only student here but from what I saw, there is a girl wearing our school uniform standing beside the gate. Our school is an integrated school that's why there are both junior and senior high school students. I waved at her and smiled. I also told her to take care and be careful on her way home.  But she didn't respond which made that encounter really weird. 

The next day, it is the day where we will present our project to the school principal. I was taking photos of our meeting when I saw the same girl from yesterday again. She's standing at the back of our principal. Her eyes stared at me which made me somehow shiver. Then she turned her eyes to our vice president who's the most famous guy in our school. Despite her weird and creepy actions, I chose to ignore her and just focused on discussing our project. When our principal started criticizing our project, the lights started turning off and on simultaneously. It's like someone's playing with the switch and it really sent shivers to my spine. But our principal didn't even budge like what we're experiencing is just normal. Our meeting eventually ended and it is clearly visible how terrified and scared my friends were.

As we reached the cafeteria to eat lunch, Ashley, our secretary, turned to me. "Don’t tell me that you didn't see her?", she said which made my heart beat like crazy. "What do you mean by 'her'?", I asked. "Desiree Suarez, you saw her. I know it" she said, looking straight into my eyes. "Who is she?" I asked again, feeling frightened. "Sit down and I'll tell you everything" She ordered food and I followed her. We sat down at the corner table of our cafeteria. "Desiree Suarez is our principal's other woman. She's a student leader here at our school and was once like you. She was the former SSG President and everyone's role model but-". She couldn't finish her sentence as our friend approached us. "Keina, our principal is calling you. He said that he wants to see you at the office later at 7pm". She said and just walked away. "Keina, Desiree is the student that was found dead at our principal's office way back in 2006. She was the student that everybody sees whenever they stay here late at night. That's why I told you yesterday that we should go home early but you didn't want to even if I told you so many times. But you know what's more terrifying? Rumors said that our principal is the one who killed Desiree, he harassed then ended Desiree's life." She said, And God knows how scared I was at that time. "H-how did you know all of this?" I asked. "Simply because Desiree is my sister and she has been following you for a long time now, she might be protecting you or harming you. That's why you should be careful Keina, you don't know who your enemy is". With that I was left there feeling really lost but I know for sure, our principal is not a really good person. Is he gonna repeat the same crime later at 7pm in his office?
