Happy Birthday

I sat beside my best friend who’s currently drinking alcohol and looks a bit tipsy. We're celebrating my 18th birthday today at my friend’s beach resort. His parents are the owners of this resort, which is why we decided to celebrate my birthday here. “Excuse me I'll just go to the bathroom really quick.” I excused myself “wait Mia, I'm coming with you” Francine said. That’s weird, Fran is not a fan of going to the bathroom with someone else, she always wants to go to the bathroom alone. “Alright, let’s go” I said then she stood up and walked with me. The bathroom is inside our friend’s house. That’s why it’s kind of far from where we are right now. “What’s with the sudden change of mind, Fran?” I asked her teasingly. “Nothing, I don’t know if you’ll believe this but, there’s been an entity following us since earlier” she seriously said. I am not a fan of ghost stories that’s why I didn’t believe her, but she really looks so serious “come on Fran, there is no such thing aa entities” I said “I knew you won’t believe me, but I'll still come with you it’s not safe for us to be alone in this kind of situations” she said. We arrived at the beach house, and I went to the bathroom as fast as I could because I couldn’t hold my pee any longer. “Let’s go back, Fran” but she didn’t say a word instead, she just stood still looking at something I don’t know.

Suddenly, I heard a loud scream calling for my name “Mia! Jen collapsed and now she’s laughing hysterically!” Nina said while catching her breath. I pulled Francine out and we ran as fast as we could. When we got there, I saw Jen filled with bruises and was now unconscious “what happened here?” I asked them all. “She suddenly collapsed and when she woke up, she started laughing hysterically she also punched herself, pulled her hair and even bit her skin off of her” Deia says. What is going on “where did she go before this happened?” Fran suddenly asked “she excused herself to explore the view and when she came back here, she became really silent and she didn’t speak even a single word then she collapsed, and this happened” Leo said. “I told you already Mi-” Fran didn’t continue to speak as Jen opened her eyes and launched at me “Hi Mia, happy birthday” She said in a different voice it was a scary voice “aren’t you going to thank me, Mia? That’s rude.” she said again then laughed. Two of our friends held her tight as she reached for her arms to pull the skin out of it again. They carried Jen and took her to the nearest hospital. But when we got there, she was unconscious again. I can feel the eerie feeling surrounding us. Then she woke up again “do you know where she is right now?” Jen asked us with that scary voice again “She’s behind you now Mia” she said and as I looked behind me, I saw a woman filled with blood wearing the same dress that I am wearing right now and then I passed out. 

When I woke up, it was already morning. I didn’t know where I was or what happened after that. When Deia opened the door and went inside “Mia, we’re at Leo’s grandmother’s house right now. And there she told me about what had happened and how everything happened. She said that there’s this woman who happened to have the same birthday as me who died on that beach last year. She was celebrating her birthday that day when she drowned at that beach and her body was never found. Rumor said that she was drowned by an entity also and she’s now looking for revenge. There I realized that what Francine said was true. I was left with regrets that I will carry my whole life. 
