Church Girl
It was Saturday night when I found myself standing outside the church near our house. It is past 11pm already and I really don't know why I'm here. It's like my feet drag me here. I don't know but ever since I was born, this church was labeled as a hunted church as many people who died in the Spanish colonialism era were buried at the back of this church. I was about to leave the church and go home when suddenly, I heard a very loud scream. I know for a fact that the voice was coming from inside the church. I ran as fast and as far as I could. I did not even think about looking back. But as faith literally played a trick on me, I saw someone outside our house. A woman wearing a long white skirt and a white cardigan as a top. She's not wearing anything to support her feet, not even a slipper. she's crying but not simply crying, her tears were blood. I didn't know what to do then everything went black. 

I woke up feeling sick, but I almost cursed and screamed when I saw where I was. I was at the back of the church. It is filled with graveyards and grass it looks as if no one even goes here, no one even visited the dead people here. I was about to run again when suddenly, I saw the girl again, the same girl whom I saw outside our house last night. But her expression changed now, last night she looked like she was looking for help but now, it looks like she's looking for revenge. She looks so mad, but her bloody tears never stopped falling from her face. I fell from where I am standing out of the fear I am feeling. “Please help me find her, please let me see her!” She begged. “Please, I don't know who you are please just let me live in peace!” I cried, but she didn't budge, she came closer and closer to my face and the eerie that I am feeling is really driving me crazy. I was about to pass out again when I suddenly heard a different voice “Xina, love where are you?” that was my mom! “Mom help!” I cried and screamed as loud as I could, but it was no use, it was like my mother couldn't hear me. "You will pay for what you've done!" she said as her bloody tears fell down her face. "Who are you?" I asked in fear. But suddenly, I woke up again feeling breathless with my mother by my side looking so horrified. "Did she visit you again? Are you okay?" my mother asked. That's when I realized that it is the 19th of October, the day when I lost my sister seven years ago while we were playing hide and seek at that church. She slipped on one of the graveyards there and bumped her head that caused her, her life. It was since then, every October 19th of the year, she'll visit me in my dreams and look for me.
