Ball of Luck

Loud banging of walls, thunderous shouts, and earful noises from different vehicles. 'Hay... umaga na naman sa Maynila'. This is how my morning has always been since we moved to this place. An urban jungle, indeed.

Terrifying, brawling noise, unpleasant smell, with the heat burning up my skin. 'Hanggang kailan ba ako magtitiis sa paligid na di kanais-nais?'.

A life...a loop. A loop of my never ending routine everyday.

With a heavy sigh, I separated myself from the sheets of my not-so-comfortable bed. Feeling lightheaded while looking at the clock hanging at the wall, 9:00 am, time to go to my uncle's billiards hall across the street.

Without any food or beverage inside my stomach, I slackly walk to the door of our small apartment. As I walk beside the road, passing by my neighbors who talk about rumors every single minute of the day. 'Mas rinig ko pa ang usapan nila kaysa sa busina ng mga sasakyang dumadaan', I couldn't help but to say to myself.

Finally, nearing the enormous billiards hall, I saw countless people of different ages shouting their gamble for the game. “Efren, nariyan ka na pala ikaw na muna bahala sa bilyaran ha?”, my uncle stated as he approached the exit door of the billiard hall. 

As usual, mediating between these greedy gamblers, all for what? For money that makes the world spin round. Billiard games stopped, finally time for me to explore the wonders of this hall.

Thinking of the extraordinary techniques in billiards earlier, I started to try and copy their movements, how those players easily glide the cue stick to strike a ball, may it be solids or stripes.

Each day passed, the same routine circulates over and over and each day, I gave my sweat in practicing different powerful strikes with my uncle with his full support, letting me use a billiard table every time.

Suddenly, in just a blink of an eye, I'm now the one people are cheering for. My face plastered in every sports news that you will see.

'The Magician'. That is what they call me. A magician only holds this elongated cue stick while striking in different angles. Yes, I am called a magician. Because in any move that I make in this billiard table, it is a sure bet that my target ball will shoot inside, may it be an ordinary shot or an unimaginable one.
